Apple2026-01-26 1:29 PM
Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are still some issues that need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: bba4f65f-21df-445b-a7c6-183904f4a4f8
Review date: January 26, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) and iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 13-inch iPad screenshots show an iPhone device frame. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 1.5 - Safety
Issue Description

The Support URL provided in App Store Connect, https://opictuary.replit.app/support, is currently not functional and/or displays an error. 

Next Steps

Update the specified Support URL to direct users to a functional webpage with support information.

Resources

Learn about Support URLs and other platform version information on App Store Connect Help.


Guideline 4.2 - Design - Minimum Functionality

We continue to find that your app provides a limited user experience as it is not sufficiently different from a web browsing experience. As such, the experience it provides is similar to the general experience of using a web browser. Including features such as push notifications, Core Location, or sharing do not provide a robust enough experience to be appropriate for the App Store.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your app to provide a more robust user experience by including additional native functionality.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need more information to continue the review.

Next Steps

Provide detailed answers to the following questions:

- What is the relationship between Aaron Givens and Opictuary.com?


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
